Man:
CAN'T GET THE MONKEY
OFF YOUR BACK?
THEN PUT IT
IN YOUR MOUTH.
THAT COMMERCIAL
ALWAYS MAKES ME SO SAD.
YEAH, BUT THEN,
THE GUY OPENS HIS BEER
AND THOSE GIRLS RUN AT HIM
SO EVERYTHING SEEMS
TO WORK OUT OKAY.
I MEANT BECAUSE THE MONKEY IN IT
REMINDS ME OF MARCEL.
I CAN SEE THAT.
'CAUSE THEY BOTH HAVE
THOSE BIG, BROWN EYES
AND, YOU KNOW,
THE LITTLE, POUTY CHIN...
AND THE FACT THAT
THEY'RE BOTH MONKEYS.
SOMETIMES I WONDER IF
I DID THE RIGHT THING
GIVING HIM AWAY.
ROSS, YOU HAD TO.
HE WAS HUMPING
EVERYTHING IN SIGHT.
I MEAN, I HAVE A MALIBU BARBIE
WHO WILL NO LONGER BE WEARING
WHITE TO HER WEDDING.
REMEMBER WHEN, SOMETIMES,
HE'D BORROW YOUR HAT
AND WHEN YOU GOT IT BACK
THERE'D BE LITTLE
MONKEY RAISINS IN IT?
YEAH, SURE, WHEN HE DID IT,
IT WAS FUNNY.
WHEN I DID IT
TO MY BOSS'S HAT?
ALL OF A SUDDEN, I HAD
THIS BIG "ATTITUDE PROBLEM."
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY,
YOUR WEEK ♪
♪ YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HEY, HEY.
CHECK IT OUT.
GUESS WHAT I GOT.
RHYTHM?
NO. MY FIRST FAN MAIL.
ALL RIGHT.
HEY.
"DEAR DR. RAMORAY:
KNOW THAT I LOVE YOU
AND WOULD
DO ANYTHING
TO HAVE YOU."
GOSH!
"YOUR NOT-SO-SECRET
ADMIRER, ERIKA FORD."
OH, WAIT.
"P.S.: ENCLOSED PLEASE FIND
14 OF MY EYELASHES."
YOU KNOW
IN CRAZY WORLD,
THAT MEANS YOU'RE MARRIED.
THIS WASN'T
ADDRESSED
TO DAYS OF OUR LIVES.
THIS CAME TO YOUR APARTMENT.
THERE'S NO STAMP ON IT.
THIS WOMAN WAS IN OUR BUILDING.
OH, MY GOD.
I GOT MY VERY OWN STALKER.
HEY, GUYS.
HEY.
WHERE ARE YOU OFF TO,
TRAVELING JAKE?
WELL, THERE'S THIS
PALEONTOLOGY CONFERENCE IN L.A.
SO, I FIGURED I'D GO,
AND THEN DRIVE
DOWN TO THE ZOO
AND SURPRISE MARCEL.
YOU KNOW, I THINK HE WILL
BE SURPRISED, UNTIL HE REALIZES
HE'S A MONKEY
AND, UH, YOU KNOW,
IS INCAPABLE OF THAT EMOTION.
Rachel:
OH! PHOEBE
THAT REALLY CUTE GUY
IS HERE AGAIN.
OH? OH, OKAY. SO,
EVERYONE PRETEND
LIKE I'M TELLING YOU
A STORY, OKAY?
AND IT'S REALLY FUNNY,
SO EVERYONE JUST LAUGH.
NOW.
( all laughing )
I KNOW.
HELLO.
HI.
I'M ROB DONNAN.
HI, ROB DONNAN.
I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT MUSIC
BUT I THINK YOU'RE
REALLY, REALLY GREAT.
OH... WOW.
ANYWAY, I SCHEDULE
PERFORMERS
FOR THE CHILDREN'S LIBRARIES
AROUND THE CITY
AND I WAS
JUST THINKING
HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT ABOUT
PLAYING YOUR SONGS FOR KIDS?
OH, I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE KIDS.
...HEAR... HEAR THE...
HEAR ME PLAY THE SONGS
THAT I WILL WRITE FOR THEM.
HEY, WHAT DO YOU
WANT TO DO FOR DINNER?
WELL, WE COULD STAY IN
AND COOK FOR OURSELVES.
( both laughing )
( buzzer buzzes )
HELLO.
It's Erika.
OH, MY GOD.
THE STALKER.
Never mind.
It's open.
YES. HITTING HER WITH A
FRYING PAN'S A GOOD IDEA.
WE MIGHT WANT A BACKUP PLAN,
THOUGH, JUST IN CASE
SHE ISN'T A CARTOON.
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
THE ONE TIME
THEY'RE NOT HOME.
OKAY. OKAY.
WE'LL JUST LEAVE
AND WHEN WE PASS
HER ON THE STAIRS
SHE WON'T KNOW IT'S ME,
'CAUSE WE NEVER MET.
THAT'S HOW RADIO STARS
ESCAPE STALKERS.
( footsteps approaching )
SHE'S COMING.
( knocking )
Erika:
IT'S ME.
UH, THIS IS IT.
THIS IS HOW WE'RE
GOING TO DIE.
YOU READY?
WAIT, WAIT.
HI.
ERIKA...
MR. GELLER?
YES. HI.
HI. DEAN LIPSON,
ZOO ADMINISTRATOR.
I WAS TOLD YOU
HAD A QUESTION.
WELL, I CAN'T SEEM
TO FIND THE MONKEY
I DONATED LAST YEAR.
HE'S A CAPUCHIN, ANSWERS
TO THE NAME "MARCEL."
AH... I'M AFRAID I
HAVE SOME BAD NEWS.
MARCEL HAS PASSED ON.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT HAPPENED?
WELL, HE GOT SICK,
AND THEN, HE GOT SICKER
AND THEN, HE GOT
A LITTLE BETTER
BUT THEN, HE DIED.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
I'M SORRY, MR. GELLER
BUT, YOU KNOW,
THERE'S AN OLD SAYING:
"SOMETIMES, MONKEYS DIE."
IT'S NOT A GREAT SAYING
BUT... IT CERTAINLY
IS FITTING TODAY.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
SOMEONE SHOULD HAVE CALLED ME.
I'M SORRY.
LOOK, I KNOW THIS CAN'T
BRING HIM BACK, BUT, HERE.
IT'S JUST A GESTURE.
ZOO DOLLARS?
YES. AND COME SEE
THE BIRD SHOW AT 4:00.
THE MACAWS
WEAR HATS.
WELL, IT'S A LOT CUTER
IF YOUR MONKEY
HASN'T JUST DIED.
( oohing )
I KNOW.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
JOEY'S HAVING LUNCH
WITH HIS STALKER.
WHAT IS SHE LIKE?
WELL, YOU REMEMBER
KATHY BATES IN MISERY?
WELL, SHE LOOKS THE...
EXACT OPPOSITE OF THAT.
AND SHE'S NOT CRAZY?
OH, NO, NO, NO.
SHE'S A TOTAL WHACK-JOB.
YEAH. SHE THINKS THAT JOEY
IS ACTUALLY
DR. DRAKE RAMORAY.
OH, MY GOD.
UGH. AND HE'S
GOING OUT WITH HER?
HE CANNOT PURSUE THIS.
JUST BECAUSE THIS WOMAN THINKS
SHE CAN ACTUALLY SEE JOEY
THROUGH THE MAGICAL BOX
IN HER LIVING ROOM
DOESN'T MEAN
SHE'S NOT A PERSON.
I MEAN, DOES SHE
NOT DESERVE HAPPINESS?
DOES SHE NOT DESERVE LOVE?
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING
AT ME FOR?
HE'S THE ONE WHO WANTS
TO BOFF THE MANIAC.
ARE YOU OKAY?
NO. UH-UH.
I'M JUST... I'M NERVOUS.
MAYBE IF I PICTURE THEM ALL
IN THEIR UNDERWEAR...
THAT'S NOT A GOOD IDEA.
THAT'S KIND OF THE REASON
THE LAST GUY GOT FIRED.
I'M JUST... I'M... I'M USED
TO PLAYING FOR GROWNUPS.
YOU KNOW, THEY JUST...
GROWNUPS DRINK THEIR COFFEE
AND DO THEIR GROWNUP THING,
AND KIDS... LISTEN.
IT'S JUST
A HUGE RESPONSIBILITY.
WHAT?
ARE YOU GOING
TO KISS ME?
I WAS THINKING ABOUT IT.
OKAY.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT,
LET'S PLAY SOME TUNES.
HI, EVERYBODY.
I'M PHOEBE.
All:
HI, PHOEBE.
OKAY.
UM, I'M GOING TO PLAY, UM,
SOME SONGS ABOUT GRANDPARENTS.
OKAY?
( guitar strumming )
♪ NOW, GRANDMA'S A PERSON
WHO EVERYONE LIKES ♪
♪ SHE BOUGHT YOU A TRAIN
AND A BRIGHT, SHINY BIKE ♪
♪ BUT LATELY, SHE
HASN'T BEEN COMING TO DINNER ♪
♪ AND LAST TIME YOU SAW HER,
SHE LOOKED SO MUCH THINNER ♪
♪ NOW, YOUR MOM AND YOUR DAD ♪
♪ SAID SHE MOVED TO PERU ♪
♪ BUT THE TRUTH IS, SHE DIED,
AND SOMEDAY, YOU WILL TOO ♪
♪ LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA,
LA, LA, LA, LA ♪
♪ LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA ♪
♪ LA, LA, LA, LA ♪
♪ LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA,
LA, LA, LA, LA ♪
♪ LA, LA, LA, LA, LA,
LA, LA, LA, LA, LA. ♪
OH, DRAKE, ISN'T IT AMAZING?
YEAH, IT IS.
WHAT?
WELL, I MEAN, HERE WE SIT,
DEVIL-MAY-CARE
AND JUST A LITTLE WHILE AGO
YOU WERE REATTACHING
SIMONE'S SPINAL CORD.
YEAH. THAT WAS A TRICKY ONE.
IN REALITY
THAT OPERATION TAKES,
LIKE, OVER TEN HOURS
BUT THEY ONLY SHOWED IT
FOR TWO MINUTES.
WHO'S THEY?
( chuckling )
NO ONE.
OH, DRAKE, YOU
ARE SO TALENTED.
LET ME SEE THOSE HANDS.
OH, THESE HANDS,
THESE BEAUTIFUL HANDS.
OH, I COULD JUST EAT THEM...
BUT I WON'T.
GOOD.
OTHERWISE, MY WATCH
WOULD FALL OFF.
( maniacal laughter )
NO. SERIOUSLY.
THESE HANDS--
THESE MIRACLE, MAGICAL,
LIFE-GIVING HANDS--
OH, JUST TO BE NEAR THEM,
TOUCH THEM--
MAYBE EVEN LICK ONE?
ALL RIGHT.
JUST ONE.
WOW...
YOU'RE GOOD AT THAT.
( clattering )
( gasping )
IS ANYONE HERE A DOCTOR?
OH, YES.
YES. THE BEST DOCTOR
IN ALL OF SALEM--
DR. DRAKE RAMORAY.
MEET ME IN THE NOCTURNAL
HOUSE IN 15 MINUTES.
UH, HEY, LOOK.
I DON'T REALLY ENJOY BEING
WITH OTHER MEN-- THAT WAY...
...BUT, UM, ZOO DOLLARS?
IT'S ABOUT YOUR MONKEY.
IT'S ALIVE.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
WHY DIDN'T YOU HELP THAT MAN?
UH... 'CAUSE
I'M A NEUROSURGEON.
AND THAT WAS CLEARLY
A CASE OF...
FOODAL CHOKAGE.
YOU KNOW...
ALL RIGHT, LOOK, I'VE GOT
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING...
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO TELL ME ANYTHING.
TO EXPLAIN YOURSELF TO ME.
WHO AM I TO QUESTION
THE GREAT DR. DRAKE RAMORAY?
BUT THAT'S...
I SHOULD JUST BE HAPPY
TO BE NEAR YOU.
HEY WHAT?
THAT'S IT.
JUST HEY.
LIKE AT THE END
OF A DANCE.
HEY!
HEY.
HEY. HEY. HEY.
♪ THERE'LL BE TIMES
WHEN YOU GET OLDER ♪
♪ WHEN YOU'LL WANT TO SLEEP
WITH PEOPLE ♪
♪ JUST TO MAKE THEM LIKE YOU ♪
♪ BUT DON'T ♪
♪ 'CAUSE THAT'S ANOTHER THING
THAT YOU DON'T WANT TO DO ♪
EVERYBODY.
All:
♪ THAT'S ANOTHER THING THAT ♪
♪ YOU DON'T WANT TO DO. ♪
EXCELLENT.
VERY INFORMATIVE.
NOT AT ALL INAPPROPRIATE.
THANK YOU FOR COMING, EVERYBODY.
THERE ARE COOKIES IN THE BACK.
THAT WAS GREAT.
THE KIDS LOVED YOU.
YAY!
I ROCK.
AND YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE YOU TOLD THE TRUTH.
AND NOBODY EVER TELLS
KIDS THE TRUTH.
YOU WERE INCREDIBLE.
BUT?
HOW DID YOU KNOW
THERE WAS A "BUT"?
I SENSE THESE THINGS.
IT WAS EITHER
"BUT" OR "BUTTER."
THE THING IS,
I THINK SOME
OF THE PARENTS
THEY WERE KIND OF HOPING
YOU WOULD PLAY MORE SONGS
ABOUT, LIKE, BARNYARD ANIMALS.
I CAN DO THAT.
REALLY?
YEAH.
BECAUSE THAT WOULD BE FANTASTIC.
WHAT?
YOU WANT TO KISS ME?
I'M THINKING ABOUT IT.
AH, THE BAT.
AMBASSADOR OF DARKNESS.
FLITTING OUT OF HIS CAVE
LIKE A WINGED MESSENGER.
SIGHTLESS SPECTER
OF THE MACABRE.
BUDDY, MY MONKEY?
OH, YEAH, RIGHT.
THERE WAS A BREAK-IN
A FEW MONTHS BACK.
INSIDE JOB.
YOUR MONKEY WAS TAKEN.
OH, MY GOD.
BUT THE ZOO TOLD ME
MY MONKEY WAS DEAD.
THE ZOO.
YOU BELIEVE EVERYTHING
THE ZOO TELLS YOU?
THAT'S THE ONLY THING
THE ZOO'S EVER TOLD ME.
OF COURSE, THEY'RE GOING
TO SAY HE'S DEAD.
THEY DON'T WANT
THE BAD PUBLICITY.
IT'S ALL A GREAT,
BIG COVER-UP.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW HIGH UP THIS THING GOES?
THAT GUY LIPSON?
LIPSON KNOWS?
HMM.
LIPSON KNOWS, HUH?
HELLO, MR. POSSUM.
ENIGMA OF THE TREES
UPSIDE-DOWN DENIZEN
OF THE NIGHT.
TAUNTING GRAVITY...
BUDDY, MY MONKEY?
WORD ON THE STREET...
WELL, WHEN I SAY STREET
I MEAN THOSE LITTLE PRETEND
STREETS THEY HAVE HERE
AT THE ZOO.
OF COURSE.
YOUR MONKEY FOUND A NEW CAREER
IN THE ENTERTAINMENT FIELD.
THAT'S ALL I KNOW.
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
SO... WHAT IS THIS INFORMATION
WORTH TO YOU, MY FRIEND?
ARE YOU TRYING TO GET ME
TO BRIBE YOU?
MAYBE.
BUT YOU ALREADY
TOLD ME EVERYTHING.
Ross:
CHECK IT OUT.
HE ACTUALLY IS
THE MONKEYSHINE MONKEY.
Rachel:
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO?
I'M GOING TO CALL
THE BEER COMPANY
AND TRY TO FIND OUT
WHERE HE IS.
THAT'S WHAT I DID
WHEN I LOST
MY CLYDESDALES.
OKAY, HI AGAIN.
All:
HI, PHOEBE!
TODAY, WE'RE GOING
TO START WITH SOME SONGS
ABOUT BARNYARD ANIMALS.
♪ OH, THE COW IN THE MEADOW
GOES MOO ♪
♪ THEN THE FARMER HITS HIM
ON THE HEAD ♪
♪ AND GRINDS HIM UP ♪
♪ AND THAT'S HOW ♪
♪ WE GET HAMBURGERS ♪
NOW, CHICKENS!
You're the only one
who can save her, Drake.
Damn it, I'm a doctor!
I'm not God.
WELL, THERE GOES
MY WHOLE BELIEF SYSTEM.
( knocking )
IT'S ERIKA.
OH, MY GOD!
QUICK, TURN OFF THE TV.
NO, NO, NO.
WAIT, I WANT TO SEE
WHAT HAPPENS.
I GET LESLIE
OUT OF THE COMA,
THEN WE MAKE OUT.
HOW CAN THAT BE?
YOU WERE JUST KISSING SABRINA.
RACHEL, IT'S A WORLD
WHERE JOEY IS A NEUROSURGEON.
HEY, ERIKA.
COME ON IN.
HOW DID YOU GET HERE SO FAST?
I JUST SAW YOU IN SALEM.
RIGHT.
THEY CHOPPERED ME IN.
WHAT'S UP?
AND I SEE YOU'RE HAVING
A LITTLE PARTY TOO.
IS SHE HERE?
HUH? WHO?
SABRINA.
I KNOW ABOUT YOU TWO.
I SAW YOU TODAY,
KISSING IN THE DOCTORS' LOUNGE.
THAT'S NOT WHAT YOU THINK.
THAT WAS...
YOU TOLD ME
I WAS THE ONLY ONE.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
I DON'T THINK WE SHOULD
SEE EACH OTHER
ANYMORE, ALL RIGHT?
I SHOULD HAVE
TOLD YOU THIS
A LONG TIME AGO
BUT I AM NOT
DRAKE RAMORAY, OKAY?
I'M NOT EVEN A DOCTOR.
I'M AN ACTOR.
I JUST PRETEND TO BE A DOCTOR.
OH, MY GOD,
DO THE PEOPLE
AT THE HOSPITAL
KNOW ABOUT THIS?
SOMEBODY WANT
TO HELP ME OUT HERE?
OH, I KNOW. I KNOW.
Where am I?
University Hospital.
The same place you've been
for the last 18 years.
HOW CAN YOU BE HERE AND THERE?
'CAUSE IT'S A TELEVISION SHOW.
DRAKE, WHAT ARE YOU GETTING AT?
I'M NOT DRAKE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
HE'S NOT DRAKE.
HE'S...
HANS RAMORAY,
DRAKE'S EVIL TWIN.
IS THIS TRUE?
YES, YES, IT IS TRUE.
AND I KNOW THIS BECAUSE
HE PRETENDED
TO BE DRAKE
TO SLEEP WITH ME.
Monica:
AND THEN HE TOLD ME
HE WOULD RUN AWAY WITH ME.
AND HE DIDN'T.
AND YOU LEFT THE TOILET SEAT UP,
YOU BASTARD!
IS ALL THIS TRUE?
YES.
I'M AFRAID IT IS.
YOU DESERVE MUCH BETTER
THAN ME, ERIKA.
YOU DESERVE TO BE
WITH THE REAL DRAKE.
HE'S THE ONE
YOU FELL IN LOVE WITH.
GO TO SALEM.
FIND HIM.
HE'S THE GUY FOR YOU.
OH, HANS.
HANS?
YO, EVIL TWIN.
RIGHT.
GOOD-BYE, ERIKA.
GOOD LUCK IN SALEM.
TAKE CARE.
I'LL NEVER FORGET YOU, HANS.
ALL RIGHT. THE PEOPLE
WHO THREW THE WATER...
FIRED?
WHY?
THE LIBRARY BOARD
HAS HAD
A LOT OF COMPLAINTS
FROM PARENTS
ABOUT SOME OF THE STUFF
IN YOUR SONGS.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
DID YOU TELL YOUR "BOARD"
ABOUT HOW THE KIDS WANT
TO HEAR THE TRUTH?
NO.
I SEE.
MAYBE IF YOU JUST PLAYED
SOME REGULAR KIDDIE SONGS.
NO.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO BE?
LIKE SOME STUPID, BIG,
LIKE, PURPLE DINOSAUR?
I'M NOT SAYING
TO BE BARNEY.
WHO'S BARNEY?
WELL, I TRACKED DOWN
MARCEL, AND GET THIS.
HE'S HEALTHY, HE'S HAPPY
AND HE'S RIGHT HERE IN NEW YORK
FILMING OUTBREAK II:
THE VIRUS TAKES MANHATTAN.
Both:
YOU'RE KIDDING.
THIS IS AMAZING.
I KNOW.
I FINALLY GET A PART ON TV
AND THE MONKEY'S MAKING MOVIES.
OKAY, RACHEL, I'M READY.
OKAY.
EXCUSE ME.
IS THIS WHERE
THE SINGING LADY IS
WHO TELLS THE TRUTH?
UM... I GUESS THAT'S ME.
( gasps )
SHE'S HERE!
( whistles )
♪ SOMETIMES MEN LOVE WOMEN ♪
♪ AND SOMETIMES MEN LOVE MEN ♪
♪ AND THEN,
THERE ARE BISEXUALS ♪
♪ THOUGH SOME JUST SAY
THEY'RE KIDDING THEMSELVES ♪
♪ LA-LA-LA-LA
LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA ♪
LA-LA-LA-LA LA-LA ♪
♪ LA-LA-LA... ♪
Ross:
THIS IS SO EXCITING.
I HAVEN'T SEEN MY MONKEY
IN ALMOST A YEAR.
WHAT, YOU NEVER LOOK DOWN
IN THE SHOWER?
OH, PLEASE.
I'M NOT ALLOWED TO MAKE ONE JOKE
IN THE MONKEY-AS-PENIS GENRE?
COME ON, PEOPLE, BACK UP.
BACK UP.
COME ON, COME ON.
EXCUSE ME, SIR.
WHERE CAN WE FIND THE MONKEY?
I'M SORRY,
IT'S A CLOSED SET.
I'M SORRY.
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I'M A FRIEND OF HIS.
WE USED TO LIVE TOGETHER.
YEAH, AND I HAVE A TIME-SHARE
IN THE POCONOS WITH FLIPPER.
( chuckling )
Monica:
ROSS, THERE HE IS.
HEY, BUDDY.
MARCEL.
♪ IN THE JUNGLE ♪
♪ THE MIGHTY JUNGLE ♪
♪ THE LION SLEEPS TONIGHT ♪
♪ IN THE JUNGLE,
THE MIGHTY JUNGLE ♪
♪ THE LION SLEEPS TONIGHT ♪
♪ A WEEM A WAY, A WEEM A WAY ♪
♪ OOH, OOH, OOH, OOH ♪
♪ A WEEM UM UM A WAY ♪
♪ A WEEM A WAY ♪
♪ OOH, OOH, OOH, OOH ♪
♪ A WEEM A WAY. ♪
♪ THEY WON'T TAKE YOU
TO THE VET ♪
♪ YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY NOT
THEIR FAVORITE PET ♪
♪ SMELLY CAT, SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT ♪
( singing in falsetto ):
♪ AND I... ♪
( laughing )
WHAT?
I'M SORRY.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH THAT?
YOU MIGHT WANT TO PICK
A MORE MASCULINE NOTE.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]